"Eth2" Removal (#215)
ethereum/eth2.0-deposit-cli: README.md

## Introduction

`deposit-cli` is a tool for creating [EIP-2335 format](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-2335) BLS12-381 keystores and a corresponding `deposit_data*.json` file for [Ethereum 2.0 Launchpad](https://github.com/ethereum/staking-launchpad).

- **Warning: Please generate your keystores on your own safe, completely offline device.**
- **Warning: Please backup your mnemonic, keystores, and password securely.**

Please read [Launchpad Validator FAQs](https://launchpad.ethereum.org/faq#keys) before generating the keys.

> You can find the audit report by Trail of Bits [here](https://github.com/trailofbits/publications/blob/master/reviews/staking_depositCLI.pdf).

Reviewer: undo
```suggestion
You can find the audit report by Trail of Bits [here](https://github.com/trailofbits/publications/blob/master/reviews/ETH2DepositCLI.pdf).
```
